[IMP] Helpdesk: Helpcenter updates (#11713)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/helpdesk/overview/help_center.rst

Help Center
===========

.. |plus| replace:: :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon

Odoo **Helpdesk** integrates with the **Forums**, **eLearning**, and **Knowledge** apps to create
the *Help Center*. The *Help Center* is a centralized location where teams and customers can search
for and share detailed information about products and services.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-enable-features.png
   :alt: Overview of the settings page of a team emphasizing the Help Center features.

Configuration
=============

To activate any *Help Center* features (**Forums**, **eLearning**, or **Knowledge**) on a *Helpdesk*
team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or
create a :doc:`new one <../../helpdesk>`. Verify the :guilabel:`Visibility` of the team is set to
:guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)` in the :guilabel:`Visibility &
Assignment` section.

> Additionally, the :guilabel:`Website Form` option on the **Helpdesk** team page **must** be enabled

Reviewer: for specificity 
```suggestion
Additionally, the :guilabel:`Website Form` option in the :guilabel:`Help Center` section **must** be enabled
```

Help Center
===========

.. |plus| replace:: :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon

Odoo **Helpdesk** integrates with the **Forums**, **eLearning**, and **Knowledge** apps to create
the *Help Center*. The *Help Center* is a centralized location where teams and customers can search
for and share detailed information about products and services.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-enable-features.png
   :alt: Overview of the settings page of a team emphasizing the Help Center features.

Configuration
=============

> To activate any of the features *Help Center* features on a *Helpdesk* team, go to
> :menuselection:`Helpdesk app --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a
> :doc:`new one <../../helpdesk>`. Verify the :guilabel:`Visibility` of the team is set to
> :guilabel:`Invited portal users and all internal users (public)` in the :guilabel:`Visibility &
> Assignment` section.

Reviewer 2: Remove "features" duplicate
```suggestion
To activate any of the *Help Center* features on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk
app --> Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one
<../../helpdesk>`. Verify the :guilabel:`Visibility` of the team is set to :guilabel:`Invited portal
users and all internal users (public)` in the :guilabel:`Visibility & Assignment` section.
```

> Additionally, the :guilabel:`Website Form` option on the **Helpdesk** team page **must** be enabled

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to state this as the Helpdesk team's record "_form_" rather than "page"
```suggestion
Additionally, the :guilabel:`Website Form` option on the **Helpdesk** team form **must** be enabled
```

to activate any of the *Help Center* features. When one or more of the *Help Center* features is
enabled, the :guilabel:`Website Form` is automatically enabled, as well.

.. danger::
   Since all of the *Help Center* features require integration with other applications, enabling any
   of them may result in the installation of additional modules or applications.

   Installing a new application on a *One-App-Free* database will trigger a 15-day trial. At the end
   of the trial, if a `paid subscription <https://www.odoo.com/pricing>`_ has **not** been added to
   the database, it will no longer be active or accessible.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Helpdesk Overview <../../helpdesk>`

Knowledge
=========

Odoo's **Knowledge** application is a collaborative library, where users can store, edit, and share

> information. The **Knowledge** app can be used to publish user guides and FAQs with customers
> externally, while also collaborating internally on shared documents.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add an abbr? :)
```suggestion
information. The **Knowledge** app can be used to publish user guides and :abbr:`FAQs (Frequently
Asked Questions)` with customers externally, while also collaborating internally on shared
documents.
```

Knowledge
=========

> Odoo's **Knowledge** application is a collaborative library, where users can store, edit, and share

Reviewer: can't comment on that line, but what do u think about adding a [link to the pricing page](https://www.odoo.com/pricing) over the "One App Free" text?

> information. The **Knowledge** app is accessible throughout the database by clicking on the

Reviewer: This is a good description of the Knowledge app, but I’m unsure how it ties into the Help Center. After this paragraph, consider adding context like:
"The Knowledge app hosts guides and FAQs for customers and allows company users to easily contribute, providing valuable information for customers."

Reviewer: Just guessing about how it's going to be used, btw! Feel free to change/ignore if it's inaccurate!

:guilabel:`Knowledge (bookmark)` icon.

.. figure:: help_center/help-center-knowledge-bookmark-icon.png
   :alt: View of a message in Helpdesk focusing on the Knowledge bookmark icon.

   The Knowledge app is represented by the bookmark icon.

Enable Knowledge on a Helpdesk team
-----------------------------------

To enable the **Knowledge** feature on a *Helpdesk* team, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk app -->
Configuration --> Helpdesk Teams` and select a team, or create a :doc:`new one <../../helpdesk>`.

When a team has been selected or created, Odoo displays that team's detail form.

On the team's detail form, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Help Center` section. Then, click the box

> next to :guilabel:`Knowledge` to activate the **Knowledge** feature. When clicked, a new field

Reviewer: Alternatively, you can say "tick the :guilabel:`Knowledge` checkbox" for more brevity.

Also, a nitpick, but I believe we bold app names, but since you're referring to the Knowledge feature, maybe just italicize it here?

.. tip::
   To create a new article, go to the :menuselection:`Knowledge app`, then hover the cursor next to
   the :guilabel:`Workspace` section heading, located in the left sidebar. Moving the cursor there

>    reveals a hidden |plus|.

Reviewer: Let’s add a quick description of what the Article field does before diving into the configuration. For example:

"When clicked, a new field labeled 'Article' appears, which sets a default article that users land on when they click the Knowledge button."

pop-up search window.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-knowledge-search.png
   :alt: View of knowledge search window from a helpdesk ticket.

.. tip::
   **Knowledge** articles can also be searched by pressing :command:`Ctrl + K` to open the command

>    palette, then typing :kbd:`?`, followed by the name of the desired article.

Reviewer: Whoa!! I've never seen the kbd and command tags before! I learned something new today from you :blush:

Share an article to the Help Center
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To make a **Knowledge** article available to customers and website visitors, it **must** be
published.

.. important::
   Even though the *Help* article has been enabled on a team, Odoo does **not** share all the nested
   articles to the web. Individual articles intended for customers **must** be published for them to
   be viewable on the website.

To publish an article, navigate to the desired article, by following the above steps, and click the
:icon:`fa-share-alt` :guilabel:`Share` icon. This reveals a menu. Slide the toggle button labeled
:guilabel:`Share to Web` to read :guilabel:`Article Published`.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-knowledge-sharing.png
   :alt: View of a knowledge article focused on sharing and publishing options.

Solve tickets with a clipboard box
----------------------------------

> *Clipboard* boxes can be added to **Knowledge** articles to allow content to be reused, copied, sent

Reviewer: Great explanation on why this is helpful (:

users to locate during a search. When all adjustments have been made, click :guilabel:`Create and
View Post`.

Create a Helpdesk ticket from a forum post
------------------------------------------

Forum posts submitted by portal users can be converted to **Helpdesk** tickets.

To create a ticket, navigate to a forum post, and click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-h`
:guilabel:`(ellipsis)` icon. Then, click :guilabel:`Create Ticket`.

.. image:: help_center/help-center-create-ticket.png
   :alt: A forum post with the create ticket option visible.

This opens a :guilabel:`Create Ticket` pop-up. Make any necessary edits to the :guilabel:`Create
Ticket` field. Then, confirm the :guilabel:`Helpdesk Team` the ticket should be assigned to.

Click :guilabel:`Create & View Ticket` or :guilabel:`Create Ticket`.

.. note::

>    The original forum post is linked in the *chatter* on the new ticket.

Reviewer 2: No formatting is necessary for chatter :)

p.s. Im sorry to hear that Joel's dining chair cracked :(
```suggestion
   The original forum post is linked in the chatter on the new ticket.
```

Create an eLearning course
--------------------------

A new **eLearning** course can be created from the :guilabel:`Helpdesk` team's settings page, as in

> the step above, or from the **eLearning** app.

Reviewer: It might not be necessary to detail how to create an eLearning course in this Help Center doc, as the [eLearning documentation](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/18.0/applications/websites/elearning.html) already covers that. What could be more compelling here is explaining if there's something unique about creating an eLearning course from a Helpdesk ticket or if specific configurations are required. From what I’m seeing, the entire "Create an eLearning course" section could be replaced with something like: "For instructions on creating an eLearning course, refer to the [eLearning documentation] (link to doc)".
